So how can we use this checkout action?
Well, we actually find some instructions here,
but of course we'll also simply walk through
all the steps together.
If you wanna use a action, instead of running a command,
you don't use the "run" keyword,
that's for running a command,
but instead the "uses" keyword.
That's the keyword you use when you want to use an action.
And then as a next step
you simply define the identifier of the action.
In this case here, it's actions/checkout.
And you find this identifier on the action page,
here or of course also in this example.
In the end, it's simply the GitHub internal link
to the Repository that holds the action code.
Now you also see here that you can specify a version.
And this can be very useful,
because the code behind these actions
might be updated in the future.
And there might be breaking changes
that cause the action to work slightly different.
To make sure that your Workflow doesn't suddenly
start doing things you don't want it to do,
or maybe breaks,
you should lock in a certain version,
to make sure that your Workflow
always uses that version,
until you're ready to update.
So at the point of time I'm recording this,
for this GitHub action,
the latest version we can use is this v3 version here.
It actually says v2 here,
that can be confusing, but the latest version is v3.
We can also see this
if we visit the Repository behind this action.
There we can see
that under releases,
version three is the latest version.
Now this will likely be different
when you are watching this.
To make sure
that your Workflow works exactly as mine,
I recommend that you simply all to use version three,
because you can even use that if it's a bit older.
So here I'll add @v3 to lock in that version.
And with that, this is all we have to do for this action.
Some actions require some configuration though,
and that could be provided with the "with" keyword,
which belongs to the "use" keyword in the end.
This "with" keyword then takes various keys
that configure the action.
And which keys are accepted under "with"?
So here simply depends on the action.
And the official documentation
is always the place to go
to learn more about that.
For this checkout action,
you also see
that you can define various options with "with".
For example
you could control which GitHub Repository will be used.
But by default,
the Repository to which the Workflow is attached
will be used.
So we don't need to change this,
and we also don't need to change any other settings,
but for more advanced usage
you could change some settings here.
And throughout the course
we will of course also dive into some actions
that do always need some configuration.
Here we could add "with",
but we don't need to,
because we don't need to change any settings.
And that's now our first step.
We download that code.